Design
------

The agent/controller protocol utilizes a two-byte command sequence design.

The first byte of the command sequence is always **0x42**. The second indicates the command.

Strings are all UTF-8 encoded, prefixed with two bytes indicating the length of the string.

Commands
--------

Any to Any
===========

   - **00** - Error.
      - Optional error message string

Agent to Controller
===================

   - **01** - "Hello World". Sent upon establishing a new socket connection. 
      - 4 bytes indicating the system "now" in seconds
      - 2 bytes for the number of milliseconds in "now".
      - 4 bytes indicating the "base time", which is an arbitrary millisecond value. later time values will be milliseconds relative to this. it can be converted into actual time by comparing with the "now"
   
   - **03** - Current memory usage of the client.
      - 4 bytes indicating the number of milliseconds since the "base time" (unsigned)
      - 4 bytes indicating the amount of memory in use (unsigned)

   - **05** - ACK for starting capture of CPU/malloc samples.
   - **07** - ACK for pausing capture of CPU/malloc samples.
   - **09** - ACK for stopping capture of CPU/malloc samples.

   - **0B** - Captured CPU/malloc samples.
      - 4 bytes indicating the number of samples that will be following

   - **10** - New Object Sample      
      - 4 bytes for number of microseconds relative to the "base time"
      - 4 bytes for the "Object ID"
      - 2+n bytes for UTF-8 encoded class name. The two bytes indicate the size of the data to follow.
      - Stack Trace (Described below)

   - **11** - Deleted Object Sample      
      - 4 bytes for number of microseconds relative to the "base time"
      - 4 bytes for the "Object ID"
      - 4 bytes for the size of the object
      - Stack Trace (Described below)

   - **12** - CPU Sample 
      - 4 bytes for number of microseconds relative to the "base time"
      - Stack Trace (Described below)
      
   
Stack Trace
-----------

   - 2 bytes indicating number of frames. Each frame is:
      - 2+n bytes for UTF-8 encoded function name
      - 2+n bytes for UTF-8 encoded file name. **LENGTH MAY BE 0**
      - 4 bytes for line number, **IF THERE WAS A FILE NAME**
     
      
Controller to Agent
===================      
   
   - **02** - Request for current memory usage.
   - **04** - Start capturing CPU/malloc samples.
   - **06** - Pause capturing CPU/malloc samples.
   - **08** - Stop capturing CPU/malloc samples.
   - **0A** - Return captured CPU/malloc samples.
   
   